Hello and welcome to one
further unboxing of mobile review de
before you the two current tab of
samsung and once the samsung
galaxy tab 2 10.1 it's something
longer available in the market and
the samsung galaxy note
10.1 which thankfully from
ghettos de was made available
Both versions come with 16 gigabytes
Festspeicher therefore can be with micro
sd memory cards expand
over a 10.1 inch display with a
use resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels
but different processors and
more then now when boxing so come
we go to galaxy tab 2 10.1 the packaging
also kept white here silver
back on the front of the device
even pictured on the back the
technical details maybe should
I hold it right then you can do it
also read about it but just now open
the packaging and what happens
the fore
of course the samsung device here
Incidentally, the 16 gb variant with
built-in umts module that's me
can surf from anywhere relatively
unspectacular of design as I said 10.1
i had 1280 x 800 pixel display
already mentioned here the dimensions
the appliance would necessarily know wants
257 millimeters wide 175 mm high 9 7
millimeters thin and weighs about 580 grams
backside as I said kept silver here
the camera 3 2 megapixel makes videos
with 720p it so from the
efficiency lower than that of
galaxy note 10.1 is also clear that
here is, so to speak
euro already much older is 16 gb
internal memory via microsd
expandable
up here we have the bay for the
Sim-card here for the micro SD loud
soft key on and off switch
headphone jack right not left
nothing and down the samsung own
dock connection I start the device times
Press the on / off switch
then you also see the samsung directly
galaxy tab 2 10.1 logo of the battery supplies
some 7,000 milliamps I am
yes curious how long persists
this is a t-mobile device
that's why the turn-on animation
She is in the unlocked screen
unadorned unlike unlock
at the galaxy note here the homescreens
kolba from left to right with the
home button, I'll come back here
top right the menu key a whole
set icons on two sides spread out
looks up here yet there is the
possibilities in the place there to the
But I want to change that
Not at all I want to go straight to the
attitude and show you the times
software version on it is infos
to device android 4.0 4
here is an older kernel version
on it as the galaxy note 10.1 is too
clear as I said the device is indeed synonymous
already much older I left times to
side and easier what else in cartons
I do not expect any now
surprise
and so it is we have one here
Charger we have to collide with
the euro stronger for the outlet
the whole thing as possible without it click
Clack makes it so now it's done then
the charging data cable and that's it
it should have been to the unboxing of
samsung galaxy tab 10.1 pictures of it
you can find on my website mobile -
reviews DE I would be happy if
you subscribed to my youtube channel if
you on google facebook twitter and co
Follow and say until the days